#summary Download the latest unstable development build.
#labels Featured

= Version 0.84 DevBuild =

*This is not a Beta. This is pre-Beta. We are running it on our phones, but that doesn't mean it will work for you. Please bear with us while we get it all working correctly. *

*The installer will automatically download the .NET Compact Framework if you need it.*

As of 31st August 2010, version 0.77 of PockeTwit stopped working when Twitter changed the way they handle user logins. We released v0.82, then v0.82a, with support for OAuth and have been working to resolve problems in those releases. v0.83 has been used successfully by thousands of people and this development build includes part of the additional changes we aim to add for v0.84.

Please see the notes below if you are happy to run this version.

*Limitations/potential problems/needs testing:*
  * Much of the code behind attachment uploading has been rewritten & extended, so is in need of testing
  * Uploading of videos is limited to YFrog, Moby and Posterous
  * Uploading of audio is limited to Moby and Posterous. There is no built-in recorder, so you'll have to use one built-in to your phone, or download one. Posterous supports AMR files which can be recorded using the "Voice Recorder" app on HTC phones.
  * Uploading of documents is limited to Posterous
  * Later versions will allow selection of different services to provide full coverage, while using your favourite photo uploader
  * The caption title of the uploaded media will be set to whatever is in the update box. Later versions will allow this to be changed.

Note that if you use [http://www.mobypicture.com/ Moby] or [http://posterous.com/ Posterous], you can configure your account to automatically upload to Flickr, YouTube and blogs whenever you upload an attachment. 

PockeTwit Dev-team

= Release notes =

Notes for this release so far. These are the changes made until now. These items might need some tweaking though.

== Uploading media ==

 * Video and file uploads now supported (Posterous, Moby and YFrog)
 * Internal modifications to attachment upload process which should increase reliability.
 * Posterous supports uploading from files generated by HTC Voice Recorder app, MP3 files etc – similar use to AudioBoo.
 * If an upload type is not supported by the selected media service, Posterous will be used for other types e.g. using TwitPic as Picture service will select Posterous for videos and files.
 * Posterous uses revised error handling code which should give better feedback on upload errors.

== Timeline & Statusses ==

 * View your own send direct messages.
 * Avatar cache no longer scales images up – should marginally improve image quality and reduce cache size on large screens
Changes to behaviour of post update window address list, including:
 * Username is now inserted where the cursor is, rather than at the end of the text, when selecting from drop-down list
 * Reply to all now works consistently
 * Usernames with digits and underscores are now supported

== Language ==

 * Spanish translation added.
 * Russian translation added.

== Stability ==

 * Should crash less, thanks to modified error handling – 40% of crashes should no longer occur.
 * More diagnostic information sent with crash reports.
 * Some other crashes also fixed
 * New version of .NET Compact Framework 3.5, which may help with connection issues –> needs to be installed manually

== Other ==

 * Today plugin should update even when PockeTwit is not running
 * Preparatory work for revised timeline layout on large screens.


= Introduction =

This is a link to the latest unstable development testing build. We use it to test out code before we feel it's ready for release to general users.  It usually runs ok, but is much more likely to have bugs or crash than a "release" version.

Installing it might overwrite and/or affect an installed "release" build.  It creates its own separate folder and shortcut.

There is no upgrade checker built into the dev build.  However you can always get the latest build by going to the "About" page and choosing "Upgrade".

*Get it [http://pocketwit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/PockeTwit%20Dev%20Install/DevBuild/PockeTwit%20Dev%20Install.CAB here].*