# This page describes the support for Fanfou in PockeTwit 

= Introduction 简介 =

Fanfou (www.fanfou.com) is one of the most famous Twitter like micro blog service provider in China. This page will summarize the current status of Fanfou support in PockeTwit. 

饭否 (www.fanfou.com) 是中国知名的微博客服务提供商之一，本页面上介绍PockeTwit对饭否的支持情况。

= Download 下载 = 

Currently, we have only released a preview version of PockeTwit with Fanfou support. You can download it at the Downloads section in this project, or get it directly from the following URL:

http://pocketwit.googlecode.com/files/PockeTwitFanfou.Preview.CAB

* CAUTION: This is a preview version of the software, use at your own risk. *

目前，我们只发布了一个支持饭否的PockeTwit的预览版本。您可以在本项目的下载页面上下载到它，也可以直接从下面的URL上下载。

http://pocketwit.googlecode.com/files/PockeTwitFanfou.Preview.CAB

* 注意：这只是一个预览版本的软件，仅用于体验和试验，我们不对其功能和可能出现的问题做任何保证 *

= Known Issues 已知问题 =

  # Direct Message is not working. It will be posted as a normal status update. Because Fanfou use different way of sending Direct Message compared to Twitter.
  # Click on @ link in status will not work. Because Fanfou use screen name instead of ID for @ syntax and there is no way to find out one's ID via his screen name.
  # Some UI or message has not been localized. 
  # Upload photo is not supported.

  # 发私信的功能不能正常工作。如果选择发私信，它的内容会以普通的状态更新方式出现。因为Twitter使用“d ID 内容”的方式发私信，而饭否不支持这样的语法。
  # 在主界面的上@链接不能正常打开。因为饭否＠后面跟的是昵称而不是用户ID，并且饭否API中无法通过昵称查到ID，所以点击@链接不能正常的找到对应用户的页面。
  # 有些界面和提示仍然是英文的，没有完全汉化。
  # 暂时还不支持上传照片

= Development Status 开发情况 =

The development of Fanfou support started since June 18, 2009. The major developer of this feature is Li Fanxi (Website: http://www.freemindworld.com, Fanfou: http://fanfou.com/lifanxi, Twitter: http://twitter.com/lifanxi)

Currently, the development is performed on a separated tree in PockeTwit Subversion repository. The development focuses on two aspects: 

  * Fanfou support
  * Localized version for Chinese user

These changes will be merged to the main trunk after they become stable and maintainable. 

PockeTwit对饭否支持的开发工作开始于2009年6月18日。目前主要的开发人员是李凡希 (网站：http://www.freemindworld.com，饭否页面：http://fanfou.com/lifanxi，Twitter页面：http://twitter.com/lifanxi）

目前，PockeTwit对饭否的支持开发在PockeTwit的Subversion中的一个分支上进行，开发主要包括两个方面的内容：

  * 饭否功能的支持
  * 软件的汉化

这些改动在基本稳定并适合做进一步维护后，最终会合并到PockeTwit的主干上，作为官方PockeTwit的一部分一起发布。